surfaces are hard to find on the basis. So one thing right now with you
know, the size of the force looking accordion. We're rolling the one
we're shrinking and what not? And so I found Well, I personally,
I have all my medical needs. Met with stocks and the dentist aboard
the ship or the hospital hospital. Do you find that? You know, an O
B G for my wife? Uh, that is easy to come by on pediatricians for the
kids. Not as easy to come by. And those, of course, are critical or
family life stability. So you wanna try to investigate that as best
you can get to you before you get to your stations? And certainly
you need to find out. Do they tried there because it was pretty popular
to take it, but right now you really want to investigate the docks
that you're gonna have your family make sure they do take the right